With hands reaching for fragrant branches,
we offer them to the
Buddha, with sincere hearts
bowing before the Venerable One. We pay homage, contemplating the
evil karmic cycle of cultivation, the Venerable One, and the countless lives lost in the
earthly realm. We seek the
Dharma, the path of liberation, and the ancient
teachings, giving rise to the compassion of the Buddha. [Music] inspires the heart of the Buddha, the faith is preserved, the words of the Bodhisattva are erased, and the path of enlightenment flows down to the bright ocean of happiness for all beings. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We humbly inform our compassionate father, Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today, we have come to this sacred place of the
Buddha, during a season of retreat, to
preach the Dharma, to guide the Buddha Mother Maya to attain
enlightenment and to save all
beings in the heavens. We
circumambulate
this sacred stupa to
reflect on our filial piety.
We realize that
our
unfilial conduct in this world
is due to our greed for wealth and possessions, our greed
obscuring our hearts.
Therefore, for many lifetimes, we have
seized the property of our
parents, not only for ourselves but also for our own benefit.
The children, after getting married and having children, form gangs
to oppress their
parents and seize their property in
various ways,
using sweet words to say, "
Parents have a responsibility to
us, parents who gave birth to us must be
responsible for
us." The children, selfish and
resentful, always complain that their parents don't please
them, never thinking that it's their duty as children to satisfy them. They
always feel unhappy when their parents make them
unhappy, never thinking that they should be the
ones to make their parents happy. They
complain that their
parents don't make them feel
secure or equal to
others, never thinking that they feel ashamed as children for not being able to repay their
parents' kindness and help them achieve what others have. The children are
also selfish, lazy, and greedy for their own bodies.
Therefore, they endure
hardship in many ways, making their parents
work and serve
them when they are sick and their bodies are worn out. They have spent their whole
lives for their children,
yet when they are sick or in pain, sometimes they
only serve them a little, and their
words are often soft and gentle. Sometimes they
even wish their parents would die
sooner, and
sometimes they even agree with that wish.  With our spouses and
children, we curse our parents when they are
old and no longer useful for
us to exploit.
We utter
abusive words, thoughts, and
actions that torment our parents.
Now, facing the example of filial piety set by the compassionate Father,
we feel utterly ashamed.
All of this is due to our ignorance and
lack of faith in the Dharma,
our failure to diligently
study and practice the Dharma to cultivate a virtuous heart and filial devotion
to serve our
parents. Today, as we circumambulate the
stupa, we feel deeply
ashamed. We pray that the compassionate Father will bear
witness to
us. We believe that everything the
compassionate Father has left us—the scriptures, the
sacred sites—is meant to
guide us back to faith in
His teachings, to cultivate a diligent heart, and to diligently
train our minds and
bodies. We ask the compassionate Father to support
us so that we may diligently
study and practice the Dharma. Only through diligent study and
practice of the Dharma can
our virtuous hearts be awakened. Only with the
awakening of virtuous hearts can we practice filial piety.
Without a virtuous heart, we cannot be directed towards filial piety.  Filial
piety is merely an illusion, it
cannot be achieved.
In your teachings,
we know the path of transforming the mind from
evil to good. To achieve goodness, one must study, contemplate, and practice; one
must listen to the Dharma, meditate on the
Dharma, and practice the
Dharma as you did. Our filial father,
in many lifetimes, has resided with various
Buddhas, cultivating good roots and transforming the Buddha
Dharma. Through this, his filial piety has been nurtured,
cultivated, and grown, reaching its ultimate goal. In
this final lifetime, both parents have entered the
stream of sainthood, and their relatives have also entered the stream of
sainthood. We
earnestly
hope that in future lives,
or for those who still have parents in this life, they
will have the opportunity to
awaken and practice filial piety,
avoiding hurtful words towards their
parents, thoughts of exploiting them, and
actions that cause
them harm. We earnestly hope that in many lifetimes,
we will be born into this
world without regret, remorse, or
shame before our parents. When we think
of our parents, our hearts will be filled with joy. We
vow that we will always be a
source of joy for our
parents, a guiding light for them, and a means of support.  Parents, rest
assured, you are at ease with the
virtuous growth of your children. Rest assured
that your children will protect and care
for you in all circumstances, bringing you
happiness. In every
lifetime, we will guide you into the
Buddhist path, helping you to develop Bodhicitta (the aspiration for enlightenment),
providing you with a firm refuge in the
Three Jewels. We also hope that
in some future life, we too can guide
you into the path of
enlightenment, just like our compassionate Father, the Buddha
Shakyamuni. Today,
we circumambulate the stupa, following the
teachings of our compassionate father. We go
to sacred places, see the Buddha's merits and
power, and meditate
to
contemplate the merits
of our compassionate father, reflecting on our unwholesome actions. We sincerely repent and
vow to practice
filial piety. We ask our compassionate father to witness, bless, and accept
these sincere prayers, guiding and supporting
us.  We diligently study Buddhist teachings,
hoping that we may
acquire a source of virtuous mind, a power
to save and nourish our souls, so
that we may find happiness. We
offer these flowers as a tribute to our
filial father, a tribute to the
filial piety of our compassionate father. Through this merit, we ask our
compassionate father to bless us, for all eternity, in the righteous Dharma
of Buddhism,
to practice filial piety to repay our parents and all sentient beings. We
also pray that all
Buddhists in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing the Six Harmonies, may also
attain this, just as we have. We pray that
all those who join our pilgrimage to
visit the sacred sites, whether
contributing a small amount of money or
making a joyful offering in any way, may
also have the opportunity to repent
as we have vowed, as we have
been blessed by our compassionate father.
We humbly request our compassionate father to witness
and bless our offerings
according to our wishes.
[Music] [
Hands holding hands quickly, hands holding
hands] [We offer up] [
With hearts]  With sincere hearts,
we bow our heads in reverence to the Buddha, contemplating the Buddha's
form throughout countless lifetimes, seeking the Buddha's life, the
Buddha's incarnation, the Buddha's enduring existence, the Buddha's faith in the world,
searching for the Dharma
Gate to attain liberation and liberation
for all beings.
[Music] The Buddha's compassion is distilled and preserved in the words of the Buddha, the Buddha's wisdom, the Buddha's teachings
...